Celestea, the floating palace that's been taunting us since day one of Genshin Impact. It's moved around between updates, now hovering over what will likely be Fontaine in the future. It's even undergone a major update. What was originally a 2D sprite is now a fully rendered 3D model. It's enough to make one think that maybe just maybe we'll be going there sooner than we think. Going to Celestea. Given its location out of bounds and far above the surface and given the kind of stuff I cover on this channel, going there has been requested many times by viewers. Unfortunately 
the tricks needed for the job just weren't available should flying be solved, they 
remained the issue of the Pyamom barrier, and should the Pyamom barrier be solved, 
they remained the problem of flying. These two things were never solved in tandem, 
but that all changes right now. There's a simple glitch making it way around the internet, the Nahuda Swinglitch. To be honest, that's a bit of a misnomer, because any character can do it, but we'll get to that another time, as I plan to make a follow up video thoroughly detailing this glitch. This glitch allows one to fly around 
using the Heuda's idle animation like so. After thorough testing, I found that this glitch is just a start of something much greater. That's something they return of 
version 1.0's legendary photo mode glitch. Well sort of, let's set off now our destination insight. Celestea. Prepared for takeoff. T-3, 2, 1. Ah, it's great to be able to do this again. I've missed this glitch so much. It's the closest thing we'll 
probably get to a free camera mode, and it's temporary, as it's already slated to be patched. Well, let's make the most out of it and take in these wondrous views as 
we continue onwards. Up, up we go. We're nearly at the height required, and perhaps you're now wondering about those two conditions I mentioned earlier. The ones that were never before both met at the same time. We've achieved the height, but what about the pimum barrier? The pesky barrier that teleports one-to-spring veil if they are behind it for more than a few seconds. That is solved by the second phase of the glitch. Literally walking on air. While walking like this, the pimum barrier cannot teleport us away. Neve charges straight ahead, ignoring pimons insistence. Unfortunately, we're locked into only moving forward, which presents one minor issue, getting the right trajectory. This is quite interesting, but far into the distance. 
All of the way into Meru and beyond even the desert. Way beyond the desert. While that is a ton of extra land. Even though I'd missed the last year on the first attempt, there was something else I wanted to see. If this glitch could pass the pimum barrier on deterred, could it also pass the void out zone? Too clarify by void out zone, I mean the lowest point out about an aim map before the player is teleported away. Because while walking through air like this, Neve is slowly falling. If I let 
this continue, she will eventually pass through the ground and near the void out zone. Can you see Celestia still? And that strange stack of shapes over there? That's the desert. I wasn't too sure how much farther I need to fall, but then reality started to tear a thunder so I knew that I had passed below the void out zone. That was that, I decided and I ended the glitch. But between the pimum barrier and void out zone, it looks like I got voided out because I ended up where I was last standing instead of in spring veil. Time for the second flight. True ejectorie looks good, slightly off, but not enough that I'll be super far away. At current course, I should pass by just over top on the north side. It's vanishing, or rather, it looks like it's sinking into the ground. I'm well aware that Celestia vanished at certain spots on the map, back when it was 2D, but it's all right. First glance says that this is unexpected. But I suppose given what we've seen in the desert, back in 3.0, with the top of the deshrap pyramid vanishing when getting close, and the same in 3.1 and 3.2 with that giant sandstorm and cyclone, it's not unprecedented. However, is that really what's happening here? Those were instantaneous. One moment is there, the next it's gone. This looks gradual. I decided to move to a different takeoff platform and try again. Here's a good still shot of it. Can really make out the 3D model here. Anyways, on this attempt, Celestia once again vanished underground. It was on the next trip that I realized what might be happening. This time, it was only halfway obstructed by large rock formations. So either Celestia starts having layering priority issues when up close, or the way the design Celestia to be displayed 
is getting bugged because players were never supposed to see it from above. As this never happened when I was more level with it, I mean, in that earlier footage, Celestia basically crashed into the ground. We're really close now. But I think we can get closer yet. We just need to solve the trajectory problem. Being a 3D game, we're dealing with 3 axes. For this to be possible, that needs to be knocked down to 2. Up until now, I've been using Starfall Sword to launch my character. It's very inconsistent, and even in the most perfect setups, there's still a slight x-axis movement. The x-axis has to go, because even the slightest influence on it will cause us to be way off course. Given how far away from our destination we are, I've got the z-axis figured out already. The character can only walk in the direction they're 
facing. Cool. They won't deviate. It'll be a straight line on the z-axis. I need a 
straight line on the y-axis, with no influence at all on the x-axis. I thought of using elevators, but the only ones available are at long shoot and in Tarsuna, both 
of which conflict with aligning our character towards Celestia. As such, instead of going to the elevator, I need to bring the elevator to me. This solution, my friends albedo. Oh, you have to be kidding me. Albedo skill isn't a flat surface. I tried from hovering, as you just saw, and from ground level where I learned another ridiculous truth, idle animations block his skill. Of all the things they can interrupt it, that's got to be the most absurd. So much for the elevator, I would just have to minimize the x-axis movement, caused by Starfall Sword. We set out to search for new locations as we played around the glitch, and the following day, I went back 
in solo at one of the most consistent locations we found, the monstead of bridge. Look at that beautiful trajectory. Barely any horizontal movement, I even had Nilo angled slightly to the side before starting this. Since I knew it'd be impossible to, fully remove x-axis influence. It was down to getting the height correct. I saw the just before the piemime barrier to let her fall for a while, because once the piemime barrier had hold of Nilo, there'd be no chance to adjust her height from the 
ground. We're very very close now. Despite having what looked like the perfect trajectory, it seems I was still ever slightly off, but this is fine. I should pass by 
on the left side. Okay, is it getting smaller? It's totally gotten smaller. You're 
telling me that PUNE transparent island is the mighty Celestia? The towering palace we see in the sky from everywhere into that? What kind of backwards logic is this? Something getting smaller, the closer you get to it? To Vatlaw, Zytalia? Well, a bit anticlimactic, but that Celestia as it is in version 3.2 of Genshin Impact. Perhaps it's possible to get closer yet, but with it shrinking and becoming more transparent the closer one gets, then who knows? It may completely vanish once you're on 
top of it, or it'll be so tiny that it's smaller than your character. Thanks for tagging along on this crazy skybound adventure. Going to Celestia is cool and all, but really, this glitch is best feature is the ability to get amazing shots of the event from far above. I'll be putting out a tutorial and compile a lot of all my observations with this glitch in a few days. So do make sure to subscribe and keep your eyes out of work and feel free to follow on Twitter at MusashiDin if sneak peeks at stuff like this is your cup of tea. This is Musashi signing off. Till next time.